docs: improvements for Remote Device Controller page (#566)
askui/askui: docs/docs/api/09-Remote-Device-Controller.md

first iteration of this feature uses the typical typing speed of a human.

> ### Experimental Unicode Support

Reviewer: What about the heading?

- You may encounter issues when mouse pointer acceleration is enabled.

### Log Files

> - Log files disk space usage. They are stored in `<YOUR_USER_FOLDER>/.askui/` and can be deleted if that causes any issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log files are stored under `<YOUR_USER_FOLDER>/.askui/`.
```
